[HttpClient] Document `$allowList` argument on `NoPrivateNetworkHttpClient` (#22341)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_client.rst

    // but all the other requests, including other internal networks, will be allowed
    $client = new NoPrivateNetworkHttpClient(HttpClient::create(), ['104.26.14.0/23']);

    // the third optional argument is an allow-list of IPs or CIDR subnets that
    // can be reached even when they belong to one of the blocked networks. It
    // is useful when you want to reach a specific private host (e.g. a proxy)
    // while keeping the rest of the private network blocked
    $client = new NoPrivateNetworkHttpClient(
        HttpClient::create(),
        subnets: null,            // null = use the default private subnets

>         allowList: '10.0.0.42',   // also accepts an array of IPs/CIDR subnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        null,          // null = use the default private subnets
        '10.0.0.42',   // also accepts an array of IPs/CIDR subnets
```
IIUC we are not used to use named parameters

Author: Thanks for the review @MrYamous! 🙏

I went with named parameters mostly for readability — without them the example reads as `new NoPrivateNetworkHttpClient(HttpClient::create(), null, '10.0.0.42')` and it's hard to tell at a glance what the `null` stands for, especially with a string right next to it.

There's a precedent in [`components/intl.rst:328`](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/blob/8.1/components/intl.rst#L328) (`Currencies::forCountry(..., legalTender: null, active: true, date: ...)`) where named parameters are used in exactly this situation — a default-ish argument in the middle that would otherwise be opaque. I'd rather keep them here for the same reason, but if the maintainers want the docs to standardize on positional syntax I'll switch happily. 😊

Reviewer 2: iirc it is not wanted to use named parameters in doc as they are not covered in the BC policy of core code

perhaps it should be removed from the already merged doc you are refering to

Author: Fair point @94noni, I hadn't connected the BC-policy angle — that's a much stronger argument than just style. Conceded: just pushed the change to positional arguments with the inline-comment shape @MrYamous suggested (thanks again 🙏).

On the `components/intl.rst:328` precedent you mention: happy to send a separate follow-up PR to convert that one to positional too if the maintainers agree — just say the word.

Reviewer 3: @Amoifr I agree with you and I think we should use named params in docs ... but the official Symfony policy is to not do that. I'm trying to change this 💪  but it will take time if ever happens.
